Dx 723 describe description field (#318)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/description.md

The `description` field is a textual definition max 40 characters of the
purchase. It is needed to specify what the purchase actually is for
the consumer. Below you will find a abbreviated code example of Card Payments
`Purchase`.
As you can see the `description` field is set to be
`"test purchase - orderNumber28749347"` in the the code example.
The images below will show you the payment UI for the
Redirect and Seamless View scenario.
{% include alert.html type="neutral" icon="info" body="Notice that for Redirect,
the description will be shown as `test purchase - orderNumber28749347`, as set
in the code example. For the Seamless View scenario, the description is not

> shown in the payment window, but it is still required in the initial request." %}

Reviewer: @marinafrydenb, did you not see this? 😃 ☝️

## Description

> The `description` field is a textual definition max 40 characters of the
> purchase. It is needed to specify what the purchase actually is for
> the consumer. Below you will find a abbreviated code example of Card Payments
> `Purchase`.
> As you can see the `description` field is set to be
> `"test purchase - orderNumber28749347"` in the the code example.
> The images below will show you the payment UI for the
> Redirect and Seamless View scenario. Notice that for Redirect, the description
> will be shown as `"test purchase - orderNumber28749347"`, as set in the code example.
> For the Seamless view scenario, the description is not shown in the payment
> window, but it is still required in the initial request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `description` field is a 40 character length textual summary of the
purchase. It is needed to specify what payer is actually purchasing. Below you
will find an abbreviated Card Payments `Purchase` request.

As you can see the `description` field is set to be `test purchase -
orderNumber28749347` in the the code example. The images below will show you the
payment UI for the Redirect and Seamless View scenario.

{% include alert.html type="neutral" icon="info" body="Notice that for Redirect,
the description will be shown as `test purchase - orderNumber28749347`, as set
in the code example. For the Seamless View scenario, the description is not
shown in the payment window, but it is still required in the initial request."
%}
```

> The `description` field is a textual definition max 40 characters of the
> purchase. It is needed to specify what the purchase actually is for
> the consumer. Below you will find a abbreviated code example of Card Payments
> `Purchase`.
> 
> As you can see the `description` field is set to be
> `"test purchase - orderNumber28749347"` in the the code example.
> The images below will show you the payment UI for the
> Redirect and Seamless View scenario.
> 
> {% include alert.html type="neutral" icon="info" body="Notice that for Redirect,
> the description will be shown as `test purchase - orderNumber28749347`, as set
> in the code example. For the Seamless View scenario, the description is not
> shown in the payment window, but it is still required in the initial request." %}

Reviewer: This review suggestion seems to have been ignored.

```suggestion
The `description` field is a 40 character length textual summary of the
purchase. It is needed to specify what payer is actually purchasing. Below you
will find an abbreviated Card Payments `Purchase` request.

As you can see the `description` field is set to be `test purchase -
orderNumber28749347` in the the code example. The images below will show you the
payment UI for the Redirect and Seamless View scenario.

{% include alert.html type="neutral" icon="info" body="Notice that for Redirect,
the description will be shown as `test purchase - orderNumber28749347`, as set
in the code example. For the Seamless View scenario, the description is not
shown in the payment window, but it is still required in the initial request."
%}
```
